2021.1.6 preparation (#42)
Devolutions/WaykBastion-ps: CHANGELOG.md

This document provides a list of notable changes introduced in Wayk Bastion by release.

## 2021.1.6 (2021-07-12)
  * Update to traefik 2.4
  * Fix an issue where web interface can't be loaded if the external URL has `/` at the end
  * Old Wayk Agent (< 2020.2.0) are now deprecated
  * Support deletion of tenants/units/resource groups and all their children
  * Fix an issue where server was online in the web interface even if Wayk Agent was stopped
  * Fix an issue where success was returned on server enrollment even if server was not existing in database
  * Improve machine searching: Search also in machine description, machine label, Windows domain, user agent and target id
  * Add more information displayed in web interface dashboard
  * Fix an issue where sorting by `last seen date` didn't work in Client page
  * Fix an issue where Wayk Client didn't open from the web interface 

>   * Display the right icon for an RDP session

Reviewer: Maybe add that this version is supporting Wayk SSH and Wayk SFTP?
```suggestion
  * Display the right icon for a RDP session
  * Wayk SSH and Wayk SFTP protocols support
```

Author: You are right. I changed it and pushed the change. Thanks
